(1) Create a web page with the following HTML elements:

A header
A sub-header
An image
A hyperlink to another page
A paragraph

Want a challenge?

Add an ordered list (ol) and an unordered list (ul) containing three separate list elements to your web page.
When you are done, upload screenshots of your code and your page displayed in the browser.

Stuck? Go to MDN Links to an external site. to find the proper tags for each HTML element.

Need some dummy text to fill your paragraphs or headers? Check out lorem ipsum Links to an external site., 
a common text placeholder used when designing websites.

(2)
Explaining Functions, Arrays, And Loops (30:00) - Section B

 Explain the core components of the languages and tools used in front end development

Instructions:

Sometimes, when you learn a new concept, you think you understand it until it comes time to explain that concept to a beginner. 
This is where a tested-and-true trick called “explain like I’m five” comes into play. The premise is, if you can struggle your
way through explaining an advanced technical concept to a small child, you truly and fully understand it yourself. Also, even 
though you work in code, you will eventually have to communicate coding concepts to non-technical people on your team, such as 
project managers, clients, or even newer developers. This activity begins to build this essential soft skill that can set you 
apart as a valuable asset to a development team.

Imagine a strangely curious and specific 5-year-old asks you to explain arrays, loops, and functions to them in JavaScript. 
How would you explain these three concepts to a five-year-old? Use real-world (not code!) examples that a child can relate to.

Submission Instructions:

Word count: 50-200
You are encouraged to reply to your fellow learners to continue the conversation.

(3)
Coding Challenge

Instructions:

This is a multi-part discussion/assignment that will have you share your work with the world for the first time.

Potential employers love to see curiosity and enthusiasm from beginners as well as proof that they are learning 
new things and building things with codes on a consistent basis. It does not have to be fancy or perfect; the visible 
effort to make something new is what is important. This perspective will set you apart from others early on in the game 
and you can start creating “career capital,” which is also known as the public proof of learning, and sharing your knowledge, 
which you can leverage later on in your job hunt.

Take a screencast of your bonus ball challenge in action (you can use QuickTime on MacOS or the built-in game bar on Windows 10)
Upload the screencast to your LinkedIn and/or Twitter profile and briefly talk about three things you have learned. Do your best 
to sound enthusiastic, excited, and curious!
Tag it with the hashtags #fullstackdeveloper, #frontenddeveloper, and #javascript
Share the link to your post in this discussion.
Like and comment on your peers’ social media links! 
Submission Instructions:

Word count: 50-100
You are encouraged to reply to your fellow learners to continue the conversation.


(4)

Technical Challenge Reflection

Think back to a difficult technical challenge you faced during any of the coding exercises and answer the following questions.

What was challenging about it?
What did you do to overcome that challenge?
What did you learn from the process?
What further questions do you have?
What would you like to explore further based on this challenge?
Submission Instructions:

Word count: 50-100
After you have submitted, read your classmates' responses, and take notes of what you can learn from their challenges,
and where you could help them in their challenges.
Post at least one reply where you did your best to answer a classmate’s further question, and one reply where you applied 
something they learned to your own challenges.
Remember: it’s important to verbalize your process, especially when you get stuck or don’t finish a challenge. Giving good effort, 
noting down what you’ve learned, and asking for constant feedback are some of the best habits to build early in your coding journey.

This topic was locked May 18, 2022 at 12:29pm.

(5)
Q & A Discussion With Learning Facilitators

Do you have specific questions about a coding assignment? Did you encounter a bug that you are struggling to troubleshoot?

This forum is the space to ask questions related to this week’s assignments and video content. It will be moderated by your Learning Facilitators.

We also encourage you to read through your classmate’s questions and:

Respond if you know the answer, or
Comment if you also have the same question that they posted
Submission Instructions:

When asking a question, please include a 'Subject line' letting us know the specific assignment, video, or topic your question refers to. 
Additionally, provide all details necessary for someone to help you with the specific issue you may be facing. 
If this refers to a coding activity or assignment, please copy paste the code that is not working for you. 
This will help your Learning Facilitators provide an accurate answer to your question, as well as other learners to 
create a thread if they have a similar question.

(6)
Please review these additional resources to continue learning:

MDN Web Docs: JavaScriptLinks to an external site.
JavaScript BasicsLinks to an external site.
Getting Started with the WebLinks to an external site.
Stack Overflow JavaScript QuestionsLinks to an external site.
Airbnb JavaScript Style GuideLinks to an external site.
Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide GitHubLinks to an external site.
BootstrapLinks to an external site.
